README.md, before:

Camunda Modeler
==============

The camunda modeler is a BPMN 2.0 modeling plugin for Eclipse which focuses on seamless modeling of Process and Collaboration diagrams.
It is part of the [camunda BPM](http://camunda.org) software stack.

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/develop/documentation/images/shot.png)

Features
------------

* Native BPMN 2.0 support
  * Reads and writes BPMN 2.0 diagram files
  * Shows import warnings and errors
  * Stores diagram information in DI
* Layouting
  * Advanced connection layouting (manhattan connection)
* Property Tabs
  * For BPMN 2.0 properties
  * For [camunda engine](http://camunda.org/implement.html) and [Activiti](http://activiti.org) extensions

Resources
---------------

* [Download](http://camunda.org/download.html) / [Update site](http://camunda.org/release/camunda-modeler/update-sites/latest/site/)
* [User forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/camunda-bpm-users)
* [Development forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/camunda-bpm-dev)
* [Issue tracker](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/issues)

Licensing
-------------

[Eclipse Public License](http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html)

[1]: https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler

Commit message:

docs(readme): add contribute section

README.md, after:

Camunda Modeler
==============

The camunda modeler is a BPMN 2.0 modeling plugin for Eclipse which focuses on seamless modeling of process and collaboration diagrams.
It is part of the [camunda BPM](http://camunda.org) software stack.

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/develop/documentation/images/shot.png)

Features
--------

* Native BPMN 2.0 support
  * Reads and writes BPMN 2.0 diagram files
  * Shows import warnings and errors
  * Stores diagram information in DI
* Layouting
  * Advanced connection layouting (manhattan connection)
* Property Tabs
  * For BPMN 2.0 properties
  * For [camunda engine](http://camunda.org/implement.html) and [Activiti](http://activiti.org) extensions

Resources
---------------

* [Download](http://camunda.org/download.html) / [Update site](http://camunda.org/release/camunda-modeler/update-sites/latest/site/)
* [User forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/camunda-bpm-users)
* [Development forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/camunda-bpm-dev)
* [Issue tracker](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/issues)

Contribute
--------------

If you would like to work on the modeler, please read our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTE.md).

Licensing
-------------

[Eclipse Public License](http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html)
